TFKUBE-447: Document db_name for all products and changed the default… (#219)
atlassian-labs/data-center-terraform: docs/docs/userguide/configuration/JIRA_CONFIGURATION.md

    You may want to adjust these values according to your needs. For more information, see [Amazon RDS DB instance storage — Amazon Relational Database Service](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/CHAP_Storage.html){.external}.

### Database name

> `jira_db_name` defines the name of database used for Jira in RDS instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`jira_db_name` defines the name of database to be used for the Jira RDS instance.
```

> If you restore the database, you need to provide the db name from the snapshot. If the snapshot does not have default db name set this variable to `null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you restore the database, you need to provide the db name from the snapshot. If the snapshot does not have default db name, then set this variable to `null`.
```
